“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
“You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
“Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.” — Dale Carnegie
“Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.” — Norman Vincent Peale
“If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.” — Vincent van Gogh
“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” — Vince Lombardi
“With confidence, you have won even before you have started.” — Marcus Garvey
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” — Helen Keller
“One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.” — Arthur Ashe
“Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.” — Henry Ford
“I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all the time.” — Anna Freud
“The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear and get a record of successful experiences behind you.” — William Jennings Bryan
“Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves.” — Marie Curie
“Always be yourself and have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and try to duplicate it.” — Bruce Lee
“You wouldn’t worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
“Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.” — Peter T. McIntyre
“Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it.” — Stan Smith
“Self-confidence is the memory of success.” — David Storey
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” — Theodore Roosevelt
“Happiness and confidence are the prettiest things you can wear.” — Taylor Swift
“Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace.” — Confucius
“A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.” — Brian Tracy
“You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.” — Brian Tracy
“If you haven’t confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.” — Marcus Garvey
“Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment.” — Thomas Carlyle
“It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it.” — Lillian Hellman
“Confidence is a habit that can be developed by acting as if you already had the confidence you desire to have.” — Brian Tracy
“Your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.” — Michelle Obama
“I’ve been absolutely terrified every moment of my life and I’ve never let it keep me from a single thing that I wanted to do.” — Georgia O’Keeffe
“Don’t ask for permission. What are you waiting for?” — Ava DuVernay
“I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.” — Rosa Parks
“It’s not your job to be likable. It’s your job to be yourself.” — (widely attributed in confidence lists)
“You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.” — A.A. Milne (Christopher Robin)
“As is our confidence, so is our capacity.” — William Hazlitt
“Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.” — Benjamin Spock
“The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence.” — Blake Lively
“With realization of one’s own potential and self-confidence in one’s ability, one can build a better world.” — Dalai Lama
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” — John Wooden
“Man often becomes what he believes himself to be… If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it.” — Mahatma Gandhi
“All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.” — Mark Twain
“Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight…” — e.e. cummings
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.” — Suzy Kassem
“You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.” — Michael Jordan
“Do the thing and you will have the power.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” — Arthur Ashe
“Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause of fear.” — Norman Vincent Peale
“Confidence doesn’t come out of nowhere. It’s a result of something… hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication.” — Roger Staubach
“The secret of making dreams come true can be summarized in four C’s: Curiosity, Confidence, Courage, and Constancy; and the greatest of these is Confidence.” — Walt Disney
“You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.” — Maya Angelou