“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus.” — Alexander Graham Bell
“Focus does not mean saying yes, it means saying no.” — Steve Jobs
“Where focus goes, energy flows. And where energy flows, whatever you’re focusing on grows.” — Tony Robbins
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.” — Bruce Lee
“Only through focus can you do world-class things, no matter how capable you are.” — Bill Gates
“Success demands singleness of purpose.” — Vince Lombardi
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have 24-hour days.” — Zig Ziglar
“Focus is the art of knowing what to ignore.” — James Clear
“I’ll live the focused life, because it’s the best kind there is.” — Winifred Gallagher
“It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world.” — Og Mandino
“Knowing what to leave out is just as important as knowing what to focus on.” — Warren Buffett
“In a world deluged by irrelevant information, clarity is power.” — Yuval Noah Harari
“Focus like a laser, not a flashlight.” — Michael Jordan
“The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.” — Stephen R. Covey
“What you focus on in your life grows.” — Robin Sharma
“To ignite your life you must focus on one thing long enough for it to catch fire.” — Gary Keller
“Always remember, your focus determines your reality.” — George Lucas
“Focus on the solution, not on the problem.” — Jim Rohn
“Success at anything will always come down to this: focus and effort. And we control both.” — Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson
“You think focusing is saying yes. No. Focusing is about saying no.” — Steve Jobs
“Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.” — Buddha
“If you chase two rabbits, both will escape.” — Russian Proverb
“Most of what we say and do is not essential. If you can eliminate it, you’ll have more time, and more tranquillity. Ask yourself at every moment, ‘Is this necessary?’” — Marcus Aurelius
“Focus on being productive instead of busy.” — Tim Ferriss
“One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power.” — Tony Robbins
“That’s been one of my mantras — focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex… But it’s worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.” — Steve Jobs
“I don’t focus on what I’m up against. I focus on my goals and I try to ignore the rest.” — Venus Williams
“High-quality work produced = (Time Spent) × (Intensity of Focus).” — Cal Newport
“Focus is a matter of deciding what things you’re not going to do.” — John Carmack
“The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.” — Warren Buffett
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” — Aristotle Onassis
“Concentration is the secret of strength in politics, in war, in trade, in short in all management of human affairs.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.” — Roy T. Bennett
“What you stay focused on will grow.” — Roy T. Bennett
“You can’t do big things if you’re distracted by small things.” — Unknown
“Whenever you want to achieve something, keep your eyes open, concentrate and make sure you know exactly what it is you want. No one can hit their target with their eyes closed.” — Paulo Coelho
“Don’t dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next.” — Denis Waitley
“Proactive people focus their efforts in the Circle of Influence. They work on the things they can do something about.” — Stephen R. Covey
“Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. Make the Now the primary focus of your life.” — Eckhart Tolle
“The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire, not things we fear.” — Brian Tracy
“Energy is the essence of life. Every day you decide how you’re going to use it by knowing what you want… and by maintaining focus.” — Oprah Winfrey
“You will never reach your destination if you stop and throw stones at every dog that barks.” — Winston Churchill
“A focused fool can accomplish more than a distracted genius.” — Alex Hormozi
“FOCUS – Follow One Course Until Successful.” — Robert T. Kiyosaki
“People don’t obtain results by focusing on results. Results are attained by focusing on that which produces results.” — Mike Hawkins
“My success, part of it certainly, is that I have focused in on a few things.” — Bill Gates
“In a world of noise and drama, the skill of the century is being able to focus.” — Maxime Lagacé
“All great achievements are the result of sustained focus over time — all of them.” — Gary Keller
“You don’t need more time, you just need to decide.” — Seth Godin
“When you silence the noise, your dreams begin to come into focus.” — Unknown
