“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.” — Buddha  
“To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.” — Oscar Wilde  
“Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we will ever do.” — Brené Brown  
“How you love yourself is how you teach others to love you.” — Rupi Kaur  
“Caring for myself is not self-indulgence, it is self-preservation, and that is an act of political warfare.” — Audre Lorde  
“Love yourself and you can heal your life.” — Louise Hay  
“If you don’t love yourself, how in the hell are you gonna love somebody else?” — RuPaul  
“The most terrifying thing is to accept oneself completely.” — Carl Jung  
“Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves even when we risk disappointing others.” — Brené Brown  
“One of the best guides to how to be self-loving is to give ourselves the love we are often dreaming about receiving from others.” — bell hooks  
“Until you value yourself, you won’t value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.” — M. Scott Peck  
“To fall in love with yourself is the first secret to happiness.” — Robert Morley  
“Self-love is not selfish; you cannot truly love another until you know how to love yourself.” — RuPaul  
“Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.” — André Gide  
“I must undertake to love myself and to respect myself as though my very life depends upon self-love and self-respect.” — Maya Angelou  
“Loving yourself isn’t vanity. It’s sanity.” — Katrina Mayer  
“You are enough just as you are.” — Meghan Markle  
“If we do not know how to take care of ourselves and to love ourselves, we cannot take care of the people we love.” — Thich Nhat Hanh  
“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” — Rumi  
“Drop the idea of becoming someone, because you are already a masterpiece.” — Osho  
“Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love.” — Brené Brown  
“You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.” — Amy Bloom  
“The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself.” — Steve Maraboli  
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” — Oscar Wilde  
“Self-care is how you take your power back.” — Lalah Delia  
“You don’t have to be perfect to be worthy of love.” — Unknown  
“I now choose to recognize the beauty and magnificence of who I am.” — Louise Hay  
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.” — Thich Nhat Hanh  
“Your relationship with yourself sets the tone for every other relationship you have.” — Unknown  
“Stop abandoning yourself for the sake of others.” — Unknown  
“You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.” — Maya Angelou  
“The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.” — Joseph Campbell  
“You have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.” — Louise Hay  
“Self-love is the source of all our other loves.” — Pierre Corneille  
“Don’t forget to love yourself.” — Søren Kierkegaard  
“When you recover or discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough about yourself to make room for it in your life.” — Jean Shinoda Bolen  
“It is not selfish to love yourself, take care of yourself, and make your happiness a priority. It’s necessary.” — Mandy Hale  
“Find the love you seek by first finding the love within yourself.” — Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  
“You are allowed to be both a masterpiece and a work in progress simultaneously.” — Unknown  
“The greatest gift you can give yourself is a little bit of your own attention.” — Anthony J. D’Angelo
“Keep watering yourself. You’re growing.” — E. Russell  
“Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.” — André Gide  
“It is so liberating to really know what I want, what truly makes me happy, what I will not tolerate.” — Beyoncé  
“Your only job is to be your truest self.” — Chelsie Diane  
“The hardest challenge is to be yourself in a world where everyone is trying to make you be somebody else.” — E. E. Cummings  
“Love yourself first and everything else falls into line.” — Lucille Ball  
“A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.” — Mark Twain  
“You are your best thing.” — Toni Morrison  
“I am my own muse, the subject I know best.” — Frida Kahlo  
“Find out who you are and do it on purpose.” — Dolly Parton  
“If you have the ability to love, love yourself first.” — Charles Bukowski  
“You’re always with yourself, so you might as well enjoy the company.” — Diane von Furstenberg  
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” — Eleanor Roosevelt  
“Nothing can dim the light which shines from within.” — Maya Angelou  
“You can’t hate yourself into a version of yourself that you can love.” — Lori Deschene  
“Self-love is not so vile a sin as self-neglect.” — William Shakespeare  
“The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.” — Michel de Montaigne  
“When a woman becomes her own best friend, life is easier.” — Diane von Furstenberg  
“We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.” — Dalai Lama  
“You change the world by being yourself.” — Yoko Ono  
“Am I good enough? Yes, I am.” — Michelle Obama  
“Keep taking time for yourself until you’re you again.” — Lalah Delia  
“Be bold, be brave enough to be your true self.” — Queen Latifah  
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” — Oprah Winfrey  
“You are allowed to take up space.” — Bianca Sparacino  
“You are allowed to reset.” — Unknown  
“You don’t need to rush.” — Unknown  
“This moment is enough.” — Unknown  
“You were born to be real, not to be perfect.” — Unknown  
“Only love today. Be kind to yourself.” — Rachel Macy Stafford  
“You deserve the love you keep trying to give everyone else.” — Unknown  
“Be the love you never received.” — Rune Lazuli  
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson  
“You are not what happened to you. You are what you choose to become.” — Carl Jung  
“The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.” — Oprah Winfrey  
“Respect yourself, love yourself, because there has never been a person like you and there never will be again.” — Osho  
“The moment you accept yourself, you become beautiful.” — Osho  
“Of all our infirmities, the most savage is to despise our being.” — Michel de Montaigne  
“Because one believes in oneself, one doesn’t try to convince others.” — Lao Tzu  
“Love yourself, then figure out how to spill a little of that over on someone else.” — Leo Christopher  
“I don’t like myself—I’m crazy about myself!” — Mae West  
“You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.” — Maya Angelou  
“The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.” — Joseph Campbell  
“You have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.” — Louise Hay  
“Don’t forget to love yourself.” — Søren Kierkegaard  
“When you recover or discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough about yourself to make room for it in your life.” — Jean Shinoda Bolen  
“It is not selfish to love yourself, take care of yourself, and make your happiness a priority. It’s necessary.” — Mandy Hale  
“Find the love you seek by first finding the love within yourself.” — Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  
“You are allowed to be both a masterpiece and a work in progress simultaneously.” — Unknown  
“The greatest gift you can give yourself is a little bit of your own attention.” — Anthony J. D’Angelo
“Think thoughts that make you feel good, make choices that make you feel good, and take actions that make you feel good.” — Cheryl Richardson  
“We are each gifted in a unique and important way. It is our privilege and our adventure to discover our own special light.” — Mary Dunbar  
“No other love, no matter how genuine it is, can fulfill one’s heart better than unconditional self-love.” — Edmond Mbiaka  
“There is no amount of self-improvement that can make up for a lack of self-acceptance.” — Robert Holden  
“You can’t build joy on a feeling of self-loathing.” — Ram Dass  
“Stop beating yourself up for beating yourself up.” — Eleanor Brownn  
“Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.” — Malcolm S. Forbes  
“Self-compassion is simply giving the same kindness to ourselves that we would give to others.” — Christopher Germer  
“This is a moment of suffering. Suffering is part of life. May I be kind to myself in this moment. May I give myself the compassion I need.” — Kristin Neff  
“Rather than wandering around in problem-solving mode all day, thinking mainly of what you want to fix about yourself or your life, you can pause for a few moments throughout the day to marvel at what’s not broken.” — Kristin Neff  
“Having compassion for yourself means that you honor and accept your humanness.” — Kristin Neff  
“Self-care is never a selfish act. It is simply good stewardship of the only gift I have, the gift I was put on earth to offer to others.” — Parker Palmer  
“It’s not your job to like me. It’s mine.” — Byron Katie  
“Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you.” — Anne Lamott  
“Within you, there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself.” — Hermann Hesse  
“We must be our own before we can be another’s.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson  
“Be kinder to yourself. And then let your kindness flood the world.” — Pema Chödrön  
“Having compassion starts and ends with having compassion for all those unwanted parts of ourselves.” — Pema Chödrön  
“Self-compassion is like a muscle. The more we practice flexing it, the stronger and more resilient it becomes.” — Sharon Salzberg  
“If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete.” — Jack Kornfield  
“Learning to love yourself is the greatest love of all.” — Whitney Houston  
“When you’re at peace with yourself and love yourself, it is virtually impossible to do things to yourself that are destructive.” — Wayne Dyer  
“The secret of attraction is to love yourself. Attractive people judge neither themselves nor others.” — Deepak Chopra  
“Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.” — Karl Lagerfeld  
“Do your thing and don’t care if they like it.” — Tina Fey  
“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can’t accept who you are.” — Turcois Ominek  
“The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I’m not going to let myself pull me down anymore.” — C. JoyBell C.  
“Fall in love with your solitude.” — Rupi Kaur  
“Nourishing yourself in a way that helps you blossom in the direction you want to go is attainable, and you’re worth the effort.” — Deborah Day  
“Love yourself enough to set limits. Your time and energy are precious. You get to choose how you use it.” — Anna Annabel  
“It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else’s eyes.” — Sally Field  
“You are not a failure because you are struggling. You are a warrior because you continue.” — Unknown  
“You can’t hate yourself into a version of yourself that you can love.” — Lori Deschene  
“Be willing to stop punishing yourself for your mistakes. Love yourself for your willingness to learn and grow.” — Louise Hay  
“Believing that you’re enough is what gives you the courage to be authentic.” — Brené Brown  
“Tear off the mask. Your face is glorious.” — Rumi  
“The most common form of despair is not being who you are.” — Søren Kierkegaard  
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” — William James  
“Scared is what you’re feeling. Brave is what you’re doing.” — Unknown  
“People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.” — Elisabeth Kübler-Ross  
“I love myself for I am a beloved child of the universe and the universe lovingly takes care of me now.” — Louise Hay  
“When you make peace with yourself, you become a magnet for loving and positive relationships.” — Unknown  
“You are free. You are powerful. You are good. You are love. You have value. You have purpose. All is well.” — Esther Hicks  
“Self-esteem is a fair-weather friend. Self-compassion is a perfect alternative.” — Kristin Neff  
“At the most basic level, self-compassion simply requires being a good friend to ourselves.” — Kristin Neff  
“Being human is not about being any one particular way; it is about being as life creates you.” — Kristin Neff  
“Unlike self-criticism, which asks if you’re good enough, self-compassion asks, what’s good for you?” — Kristin Neff  
“You have peace when you make it with yourself.” — Unknown  
“Healing takes self-compassion.” — Juansen Dizon  
“Practice self-compassion. Talk to and be your own best, kind, compassionate, caring friend.” — Kristin Neff
“You can’t pour from an empty cup. Take care of yourself first.” — Unknown  
“Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.” — Unknown  
“There’s no need to be perfect to inspire others. Let others get inspired by how you deal with your imperfections.” — Unknown  
“When I accept myself just as I am, I am freed from the burden of needing you to accept me.” — Unknown  
“This life is mine alone. So I have stopped asking people for directions to places they’ve never been.” — Unknown  
“There is no sense in punishing your future for the mistakes of your past. Forgive yourself, grow from it, and then let it go.” — Unknown  
“I am not looking to escape my darkness, I’m learning to love myself here.” — Unknown  
“You’re a work of art. Not everyone will understand you, but the ones who do will never forget about you.” — Unknown  
“The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself.” — Unknown  
“A moment of self-compassion can change your entire day. A string of such moments can change the course of your life.” — Christopher Germer  
“Self-compassion is a way of emotionally recharging our batteries.” — Kristin Neff  
“Self-compassion is nurturing yourself with all the kindness and love you would shower on someone you cherish.” — Debra Reble  
“Pain is inevitable; suffering is optional.” — Christopher Germer  
“We can still be crazy after all these years. We can still be angry after all these years. The point is not to try to throw ourselves away and become something better. It’s about befriending who we are already.” — Pema Chödrön  
“Compassion for others begins with kindness to ourselves.” — Pema Chödrön  
“We can make ourselves miserable, or we can make ourselves strong. The amount of effort is the same.” — Pema Chödrön  
“Feeling compassion for ourselves in no way releases us from responsibility for our actions. Rather, it releases us from the self-hatred that prevents us from responding to our life with clarity and balance.” — Tara Brach  
“The only thing that was ever wrong with me was my belief that there was something wrong with me.” — Glennon Doyle  
“We can either control ourselves or love ourselves, but we can’t do both. Love is the opposite of control.” — Glennon Doyle  
“You’re already stuck with yourself for a lifetime. Why not improve this relationship?” — Vironika Tugaleva  
“And I said to my body softly, ‘I want to be your friend.’ It took a long breath and replied, ‘I have been waiting my whole life for this.’” — Nayyirah Waheed  
“There is you and you. This is a relationship. This is the most important relationship.” — Nayyirah Waheed  
“My alone feels so good, I’ll only have you if you’re sweeter than my solitude.” — Warsan Shire  
“I belong deeply to myself.” — Warsan Shire  
“It’s not my responsibility to be beautiful. I’m not alive for that purpose. My existence is not about how desirable you find me.” — Warsan Shire  
“You are terrifying and strange and beautiful, something not everyone knows how to love.” — Warsan Shire  
“Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.” — Nora Ephron  
“Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?” — Mary Oliver  
“She could be herself, by herself. And that was what now she often felt the need of.” — Virginia Woolf  
“If you were born with the weakness to fall, you were born with the strength to rise.” — Rupi Kaur  
“You do not just wake up and become the butterfly—growth is a process.” — Rupi Kaur  
“Never feel guilty for starting again.” — Rupi Kaur  
“What is stronger than the human heart which shatters over and over and still lives.” — Rupi Kaur  
“If you are not enough for yourself, you will never be enough for someone else.” — Rupi Kaur  
“Our backs tell stories no books have the spine to carry.” — Rupi Kaur  
“Every day I have to wake up and love myself, not in an arrogant way, but in an accepting, caring way.” — Normandie Keith  
“Self-love, self-respect, self-worth: There’s a reason they all start with ‘self’. You can’t find them in anyone else.” — Unknown  
“For me, self-love is like, ‘Am I sleeping enough? Eating well?’ Not to fit into skinny jeans, but to be healthy and strong.” — Solange Knowles  
“By doing the work to love ourselves more, I believe we will love each other better.” — Laverne Cox  
“Being comfortable with who you are is the ultimate threat.” — Sean Beaudoin  
“The only person I need to compare myself to is my yesterday self.” — Allison Sue  
“I don’t want everyone to like me. I should think less of myself if some people did.” — Unknown  
“Respect yourself and others will respect you.” — Confucius  
“If you’re lucky enough to be different, never change.” — Unknown  
“Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside of you.” — Rumi  
“If you can learn to love yourself and all the flaws, you can love other people so much better.” — Kristin Chenoweth  
“You are worthy of love and belonging.” — Unknown  
“No is a complete sentence.” — Unknown  
“You have peace when you make it with yourself.” — Mitch Albom  
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” — Arthur Ashe  
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” — Theodore Roosevelt  
“You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” — Eleanor Roosevelt  
“Where there is love, there is life.” — Mahatma Gandhi  
“This moment is enough.” — Unknown  
“You are allowed to take things one step at a time.” — Unknown  
“I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.” — Louisa May Alcott  
“The only approval you need is your own.” — Amanda Gorman  
“If you prioritize yourself, you are going to save yourself.” — Gabrielle Union  
“Never regret anything that made you smile.” — Mark Twain  
“Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.” — Maya Angelou  
“The greatest wealth is to live content with little.” — Plato  
“Character is power.” — Booker T. Washington  
“Never be limited by other people’s limited imaginations.” — Mae C. Jemison  
“The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.” — Tony Robbins  
“Life is not easy for any of us. But we must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves.” — Marie Curie  
“We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves to others that in the end we become disguised to ourselves.” — François de La Rochefoucauld  
“The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.” — Victor Hugo  
“True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.” — Socrates  
“Morality is not the doctrine of how we may make ourselves happy, but how we may make ourselves worthy of happiness.” — Immanuel Kant  
“If our condition were truly happy, we would not seek diversion from it in order to make ourselves happy.” — Blaise Pascal  
“We need to give each other space so that we may both give and receive such beautiful things as ideas, openness, dignity, joy, healing, and inclusion.” — Max de Pree  
“The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image.” — Unknown  
“I to myself am dearer than a friend.” — William Shakespeare  
“Self-love is the instrument of our preservation.” — Voltaire  
“It is only when you have mastered the art of loving yourself that you truly love others.” — Unknown  
“Of all our infirmities, the most savage is to despise our being.” — Michel de Montaigne  
“Because one believes in oneself, one doesn’t try to convince others. Because one is content with oneself, one doesn’t need others’ approval.” — Lao Tzu  
“Love yourself, then figure out how to spill a little of that over on someone else.” — Leo Christopher  
“The moment you accept yourself, you become beautiful.” — Osho  
“You’re certainly somebody that people can love.” — Fred Rogers  
“If only you could sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet.” — Fred Rogers  
“We are each gifted in a unique and important way. It is our privilege and our adventure to discover our own special light.” — Mary Dunbar  
“Think thoughts that make you feel good, make choices that make you feel good, and take actions that make you feel good.” — Cheryl Richardson  
“No other love, no matter how genuine it is, can fulfill one’s heart better than unconditional self-love.” — Edmond Mbiaka  
“Be the love you never received.” — Rune Lazuli  
“Keep watering yourself. You’re growing.” — E. Russell  
“Your only job is to be your truest self.” — Chelsie Diane  
“Stop making yourself smaller to fit into some narrative to be more pleasing to the world.” — Chelsie Diane  
“If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.” — Marcus Garvey  
“Am I good enough? Yes, I am.” — Michelle Obama  
“Even I don’t wake up looking like Cindy Crawford.” — Cindy Crawford  
“You change the world by being yourself.” — Yoko Ono  
“Find out who you are and do it on purpose.” — Dolly Parton  
“Keep taking time for yourself until you’re you again.” — Lalah Delia  
“Be bold, be brave enough to be your true self.” — Queen Latifah  
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” — Oprah Winfrey  
“The older you get, the better you get. Unless you’re a banana.” — Betty White  
“I’ve got 99 problems, but self-love ain’t one.” — Unknown  
“Follow your passion. Stay true to yourself.” — Unknown
